[APM][DBM] Add dbm doc for PHP (#17371)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/guide/connect_dbm_and_apm.md

|          | [Npgsql][16]                   | {{< X >}}   |             |
|          | [MySql.Data][17]               |             | {{< X >}}   |
|          | [MySqlConnector][18]           |             | {{< X >}}   |

> | **PHP**  [dd-trace-php][19] >= 0.86.0 ||             |             |

Reviewer: 0.85.0 you mean? (just the restricting is going to be 0.86.0)

Author: I'd rather say `0.86.0` as it doesn't change anything and we'll be closer to the RFC with `0.86.0`

> |          | [pdo][20]                       | {{< X >}}  | {{< X >}}   |

Reviewer: Should probably also advertise mssql? Or is mssql not available yet from the DBM side itself?

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "PHP" %}}

<div class="alert alert-warning">

> This features requires automatic instrumentation to be enabled for your .NET service.

Reviewer: Copy paste is fun, right?

</div>

> Follow the [PHP tracing instructions][1] to install the automatic instrumentation package and enable tracing for your service.

Reviewer: Is "automatic instrumentation package" a fancy term for "the tracer extension"?

> Ensure that you are using a supported client library (e.g. `PDO`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ensure that you are using a supported client library. For example, `PDO`.
```

[16]: https://www.nuget.org/packages/npgsql
[17]: https://www.nuget.org/packages/MySql.Data
[18]: https://www.nuget.org/packages/MySqlConnector

> [19]: https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-dotnet

Reviewer: more C&P (at Pierres request: ;-))

Author: What? We don't do .NET? :p

Reviewer: We absolutely do: https://php.net/Dotnet
